Applicant must have a minimum of three letters of recommendation.
For more information about this scholarship, go to www.aauw.org.

Google Anita Borg Memorial Scholarship
The Google Anita Borg Memorial Scholarship program provides financial aid to women who are pursuing a career in computer engineering. Programs which are in a related area of study in the technical field will also qualify. These scholarships have been set up to encourage excellence in female college seniors and graduate students.

The amount of funding per recipient is $10,000, but each scholarship finalist will receive $1,000 to be put towards her education. In addition to the scholarship, each winner will be invited to attend a three-day retreat at Google which will feature social events, workshops, networking opportunities, and breakout sessions. The winners are selected on a basis of academic performance as well as the student’s leadership abilities.

To learn more about this scholarship opportunity, visit www.google.com/anitaborg.

Google Europe Anita Borg Scholarships
The Google Europe Anita Borg Scholarships program offers multiple scholarships for female undergraduates and graduate students who are studying computer science, computer engineering and closely related fields. Female students who are studying in a university in Europe are eligible to apply. Recipients of these scholarships are chosen on a basis of academic standing, financial need, community involvement, and leadership abilities. The applicants must have a GPA of at least 3.0 to apply.

Baker Hughes Scholarship
The Baker Hughes Scholarship Program offers funding to female students who are in their sophomore, junior or senior years, and to those in graduate school who are majoring in engineering sciences. The winners of this scholarship are chosen by the Society of Women Engineers.

There are three awards given per year; each in the amount of $5,000. To qualify for these scholarships, the student must be in good academic standing and be able to demonstrate leadership qualities. For more information, go to societyofwomenengineers.swe.org.

National Society of Black Engineers
Established in 1975, the National Society of Black Engineers has a mission of helping to educate black women who are working toward a career in engineering and science. They provide college funding for women who have displayed excellence in academic performance, leadership abilities, and a strong urge to better themselves and their community through establishing a career in engineering.

There are numerous scholarships provided each year to qualified applicants. For a complete list of the available scholarships, visit www.nsbe.org.

Women in Aviation International
For women who have chosen to follow a dream of a career in the aerospace field, Women in Aviation International has awarded millions of dollars in scholarships to help these women meet their goals. To qualify, the woman must be a licensed pilot and working toward an engineering degree in aerospace. Those who are members of WAI will be at the top of the scholarship list.

To find out more about eligibility requirements and to apply, visit www.wai.org.

US Department of Homeland Security Scholarships
The US Department of Homeland Security Scholarship program provides funding for women who are college juniors and interested in pursuing a career in chemical engineering. Recipients of this award must agree to accept a position at the Homeland Security agency upon completion of her education.

These scholarships are intended to cover all tuition expenses as well as a monthly stipend of $1,000 for the nine-month period of the school year. An off-site paid summer internship at the agency is also offered to all of the scholarship recipients. This paid internship amounts to $5,000. This scholarship is awarded to one recipient per year every January.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicant must be a junior in an accredited college or university.
Applicant must have a GPA of a minimum of 3.2.
Applicant must be prepared to work for the Department of Homeland Security.
Applicant must be able to demonstrate strong leadership qualities.
Applicant must be a legal citizen and resident of the United States.
Lillian Moller Gibreth Engineering Scholarship
The Lillian Moller Gibreth Engineering Scholarship is offered to female college or graduate students who are interested in pursuing a career in chemical engineering. The educational institution being attended by the applicant must be recognized by the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology or the Society of Women Engineers.

To be eligible, all applicants must be citizens of the United States and hold a GPA of at least 3.0. The scholarship is awarded to one woman per year and is in the amount of $10,000. The recipient of this award may reapply for the scholarship two more times after receiving it.

American Indian Science and Engineering Society Scholarships
The American Indian Science and Engineering Society provides scholarships to female Native American and Native Alaskan students who are working on an undergraduate degree in engineering. These funds are provided by several educational grant programs. They are as follows:

AISES Google Scholarship: This scholarship is available to full-time Native American or Alaskan students who have a GPA of at least 3.0 and are studying computer engineering.
AISES Intel Scholarship: This scholarship is offered to Native American or Alaskan undergraduate students who are pursuing a career in engineering. The amount of this award is $5,000.
A.T. Anderson Memorial Scholarship: This scholarship is available to Native American or Alaskan undergraduate college students who are pursuing engineering as a career. A GPA of 3.0 or higher is mandatory to qualify for this award. The amount of this scholarship is $1,000.
AHETEMS Scholarships
Advancing Hispanic Excellence in Technology, Engineering, Math and Science (AHETEMS) offers scholarships to female undergraduate engineering students of a Hispanic and Latino origin. The amounts of the awards range from $1,000 to $5,000. The annual deadline to turn in applications is April 1. To be eligible for this award, applicants must have maintained a minimum of a 3.0 GPA, be enrolled in an accredited college, and pursuing an engineering degree.

Ford Foundation Scholarships
The Ford Foundation Scholarship award is provided to women who are pursuing a degree in science, math, or engineering. These women must have a particular interest in encouraging the interests of women and minorities. Eligibility is based on academic performance, leadership abilities, and a strong urge to make positive changes in their communities through higher education.

Women in Engineering and Computer and Information Science Awards
The Women in Engineering and Computer and Information Science Awards provides funding for female college students who are majoring in math, science, computer science, or engineering. To be eligible for this award, the applicant must have maintained a GPA of at least 3.0 for the past academic year, be a citizen of the United States, and be able to show strong leadership qualities.

Association of South African Women in Science and Engineering (SA WISE)
The Association of South African Women in Science and Engineering offers scholarships to deserving female South African college students who are pursuing a career in engineering. Their goals are as follows:

To raise the profile of women scientists and engineers.
To lobby for the advancement of women in science and engineering.
To provide leadership and role models for young people wishing to enter the fields of science and engineering.
This scholarship is awarded to students who are studying at honors level (or fourth-year level of study) in any field of science and engineering. Preference will be given to female South African students. Recipients of this award must commit to becoming an active member of the Association of South African Women in Science and Engineering (SA WISE). The deadline for applications is November 28, 2012.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicant must submit the name or names, as well as the amounts, of any other scholarships or bursaries that were applied for.
Applicant must submit a one-page motivation report.
Applicant must submit curriculum vitae with the names of at least two references.
For more information or to apply for this scholarship, visit www.advance-africa.com.

African Women Development Fund Grants
The African Women Development Fund Grants program (AWSF) offers scholarships to women who are interested in building a career in engineering. The goal of this organization is to help build a culture of learning and partnerships within the African women’s movement.

African Women Public Service Fellowship
The African Women Public Service Fellowship organization is a program made possible by the donations from the Oprah Winfrey Foundation. This foundation expands the opportunity for African women to prepare for public service in their communities through higher education. This scholarship will support tuition, housing, travel, and miscellaneous expenses for African women who are pursuing a degree in engineering or other technical studies.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicants must be citizens and residents of an African country at the time of applying.
Applicants must display strong academic records.
Applicants must be able to demonstrate commitment to public service.
Applicants must commit to return to their respective countries after completing studies in order to assume a leadership role in their communities.
Alpha Delta Kappa Scholarships
The Alpha Delta Kappa Scholarship program awards funding to foreign female college students who have an interest in an engineering career. The amount of the scholarship is $10,000 for the student to study at an American institution of higher learning. This may be applied to tuition expenses, books, transportation, housing, and other living expenses while in school.

Eligibility Requirements:

The applicants must be single women with no dependents.
The applicant must remain without dependents throughout her college years.
The applicant must be at least 20 years of age and no older than 35 at the time of applying.
The applicant must be a non-US citizen and living outside the United States at the time of applying.
Amelia Earhart Fellowship Program
The Amelia Earhart Fellowship Program provides grants and scholarships for women who are pursuing an engineering degree.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicant must be registered in an accredited college or University.
Applicant must be interested in the study of aerospace.
Applicant must be able to provide at least one letter of recommendation.
Applicant must clearly demonstrate strong leadership qualities.
Applicant must submit a 600 word essay describing her career goals; short term as well as long term.
International Federation of University Women
The International Federation of University Women provides grants to female refugees who have mostly or fully completed their engineering degrees and are in need of further assistance to find employment. These grants are designed to help refugee women in getting established in the United States so that they may help to support their families and get involved in community charity organizations.

The grants are usually about $1,000 per recipient and are intended for short-term help. The applicants must have valid refugee status and permission to study and work in their new country of residence.

Association for Women in Aviation Maintenance (AWAM)
The Association for Women in Aviation Maintenance (AWAM) provides scholarships to women who are interested in pursuing a career aviation engineering and maintenance. Membership to AWAM is required to be eligible for the scholarship. Applications are available in September and must be submitted by the end of December.

British Federation of Women Graduates Foundation Grants
The British Federation of Women Graduates (BFWG) is an organization that offers scholarships to female students of medical sciences, geography, biological, meteorological, radiological, or engineering sciences. Women of all nationalities are eligible to apply for this scholarship. There is no upper age limit, but scholarships are not given for the first year of postgraduate study or research. The amount of the scholarships awarded ranges from $1,000 to $5,000 per recipient.

Campbell Fellowship: School for Advanced Research (SAR)
The Campbell Fellowship from the School for Advanced Research provides funding for female engineering students from a developing nation who are interested in the advancement of women’s economic and social empowerment. Those who qualify will receive a three-year grant from SAR to cover the costs of tuition, books, transportation, housing and other related expenses. The goal of this organization is as follows:

To advance the scholarly career of women social scientists from the developing world.
To support research that identifies causes of gender inequity in the developing world.
To promote women’s economic and social empowerment.
The fellowship term will begin on September 1, 2012 and run through February 28, 2013.

MARGARET McNAMARA MEMORIAL FUND (MMMF)
The Margaret McNamara Memorial Fund (MMMF) has awarded 134 educational grants to female engineering majors in the past 15 years. The recipients of these grants must be from developing countries around the world. The goal of this program is to benefit women whose future plans are to return to their countries to make a difference. The average amount of each grant is $4,000 which is to be used for tuition and travel expenses.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicant must be at least 25 years of age.
Applicant must be able to prove financial need.
Applicant must demonstrate that their particular field of study will be able to aid in the development of women in their country.
Applicant must have a strong commitment to work with underprivileged women from her developing country.
Applicant must plan on returning to her country within two years of completing her education.
American Nuclear Society John and Muriel Landis Scholarships
The John and Muriel Landis Scholarships are available to female undergraduate and graduate students who are engineering majors and have a GPA of at least 3.2. The applicants must be able to prove financial need and be enrolled in an accredited college or university before applying.

The Delayed Education Scholarship for Women is awarded to mature female students who are pursuing nuclear science, nuclear engineering, or a nuclear-related field. Recipients of these awards will be determined on a basis of financial need as well as academic standing.

ASME Scholarships
American Scholarships for Mechanical Engineering (ASME) provides funding for female engineering students through several different organizations. They are as follows:

ASME-ASME Auxiliary FIRST Clarke Scholarship
Allen J. Baldwin Scholarship
Berna Lou Cartwright Scholarship
Sylvia W. Farny Scholarship
Agnes Malakate Kezios Scholarship
Elisabeth M. and Winchell M. Parsons Scholarship
Marjorie Roy Rothermel Scholarship
Charles B. Scharp scholarship
To be eligible for any of these scholarships, the applicant must be a member of ASME and have established a GPA of at least 3.0 in her degree program. The applicant must also be enrolled in an ABET-accredited or substantially equivalent engineering degree program.

The total funding per year through all of these scholarship programs is $221,500. When the student submits her application, she will become a candidate for all of the available scholarships. The award winners are chosen according to their academic standing as well as financial need for assistance. Most of the ASME scholarships do not require that the student study within the United States.

For more information or to apply for these scholarships, visit www.asme.org.

ASM Materials Education Foundation
The ASM Materials Education Foundation has an Undergraduate Scholarships Program that offers grants and scholarships to female engineering students who are in excellent academic standing. Most of the funding is provided through donations made by members of this organization. The scholarship money may be used towards tuition, books, travel, and housing. Recipients of this award must be able to prove the need for financial assistance.

ASHRAE Scholarship Program
The ASHRAE Scholarship Program provides scholarships for female engineering students who are enrolled in a full-time engineering program at an accredited undergraduate or graduate college.

Eligibility Requirements:

The applicant must have a GPA of at least 3.0.
The applicant must submit at least three letters of recommendation, including one from an instructor or program facilitator.
The applicant must submit an evaluation form which has been completed by a student activities chairperson or other officer of the nearest ASHRAE chapter.
The applicant must be able to show financial need of assistance.
The applicant must have strong leadership ability.
The applicant must have a strong work ethic and be able to work well with a diverse group of people.
For more information regarding this scholarship, visit www.ashrae.org.

Institute of Industrial Engineers
The Institute of Industrial Engineers (IIE) has a fellowship program that offers scholarships to female undergraduate or graduate students who are engineering majors. The scholarships range from $1,000 to $4,000 and are awarded to qualified students that have displayed academic excellence.

Eligibility Requirements:

All applicants must be an active member of the Institute of Industrial Engineers organization.
All applicants must be enrolled full-time in an accredited graduate or undergraduate industrial engineering program.
All applicants must have an overall GPA of at least 3.4.
All applicants must have a graduation date of May/June 2013 or later.
The winners of this scholarship will be chosen on a basis of character, leadership skills, potential service to the industrial engineering profession, and financial need for assistance. Students must be nominated by IE department heads or faculty members before applying.

The nominations must be submitted on or before November 15. For more information regarding this scholarship opportunity, visit www.iienet2.org.

Society of Broadcast Engineers
The Society of Broadcast Engineers offers female engineering majors grants and scholarships through their Ennes Scholarship program. The scholarships are awarded to those who display academic excellence and have a need for financial assistance. The scholarship money may be used for tuition, books, room and board, and transportation.

These scholarships are provided through three different organizations. They are as follows:

Harold E. Ennes Scholarship
Robert D. Greenberg Scholarship
Youth Scholarship (for graduation seniors)
New Mexico State National Action Council-Minority Engineering Scholarship
The New Mexico State National Action Council-Minority Engineering Scholarship is a perfect funding option for black women who are pursuing an engineering degree. The scholarship is available to Native American, Latino, and African-American students. The amount of the scholarship ranges from $600 to $800. To be eligible for this award, the applicant must have a GPA of at least 3.0 and must be a either a citizen of the United States or a legal resident.

Barry Goldwater Scholarship
The Barry Goldwater Scholarship provides funding for 300 female engineering students from across the United States each year. To be eligible for these scholarships, the student must be in excellent academic standing and be able to show need of financial assistance. The amount of award money varies, but it can be as much as $7,500.

Gates Millennium Scholarship
The Gates Millennium Scholarship is provided by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. They offer funding for women who are interested in pursuing a degree in engineering. The applicants must be from a low-income family and have good leadership abilities. Students who come from minority communities will be at the top of the scholarship list. Community service is a big plus as well.

Jeannette Rankin Foundation
The Jeannette Rankin Foundation offers scholarships to women over the age of 35 who are pursuing a career in engineering. The recipients of this yearly scholarship will be determined according to the woman’s need for financial assistance as well as her community involvement and leadership abilities.

SMART Grant
The SMART Grant is an organization that provides funding to female students who are pursuing a degree in mathematics, science, computers, and engineering. The amount of the scholarship is $4,000. To be considered for this government grant, the applicants must have a 3.0 GPA and a strong need for financial assistance. The applicant must also be enrolled at least half-time to qualify for this grant.

Whitaker International Program
The Whitaker International Program offers scholarships to women who are pursuing a biochemical engineering degree. Both undergraduate and graduate students are eligible to apply. The award winners are chosen on a basis of academic standing, community service, leadership qualities, and need for financial assistance.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicant must be a citizen of the United States and have permanent residency.
Applicant must be currently enrolled in an accredited institution for biochemical engineering. Undergraduates only.
At the time of applying, the student must be a sophomore, junior, or senior with a minimum of one semester left before graduation.
Applicant must be able to demonstrate a need for financial support.
Applicant must have a GPA of at least a 3.0.
A complete scholarship application must include:

Application form
Essay on future goals
References (a minimum of three)
Cost of study to be completed by an advisor
Amount of any other financial assistance received.
If selected, the recipient will be asked to submit an official transcript as well as an acceptance letter from the institution in which she is enrolled. For more information on this scholarship, visit whitaker.org.

Microsoft Scholarships
Microsoft offers scholarships to female engineering students who display academic excellence. Scholarships are awarded to those who have a financial need of assistance, leadership abilities, and a drive to obtain their goals.

Hertz Foundation
The Hertz Foundation offers grants and scholarships to female students of applied physical, biological, and engineering sciences. Applicants must be legal citizens of the United States and have need for financial assistance. Those who are most likely to be chosen to receive these scholarships are women who are willing to commit to making their skills available to the United States in a time of national emergency.

Women in Engineering Programs and Advocates Network (WEPAN)
The Women in Engineering Programs and Advocates Network (WEPAN) Grants program provides funding to undergraduate and graduate female students who are studying any form of engineering. The selection process is on a competitive basis. The student’s GPA and financial need for assistance will be taken into consideration.

ACS Project SEED Scholarship
The ACS Project SEED Scholarship offers a $5,000 engineering scholarship to female students who have worked in the Project SEED program for a minimum of one summer session. To be eligible, the applicants must be secondary school seniors.

Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers
The Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers provides several scholarships for women who would like to pursue a career in technological and computer-related fields. The scholarships range from $200 to $25,000. Some scholarships are only available to IEEE members, but others are open to any female engineering student.

Admiral Grace Murray Hopper Scholarship
The Admiral Grace Murray Hopper Scholarship is an organization that provides scholarships to female engineering students. The average amount of each award is $1,000 which is to be used towards tuition and books.

Dorothy Lemke Howarth Scholarship
The Dorothy Lemke Howarth Scholarship is offered to female engineering students who are college sophomores and have a GPA of at least 3.0.

Lucile B. Kaufman Women’s Scholarship
The Lucile B. Kaufman Women’s Scholarship was created by a professor of engineering who wanted to fight female discrimination in a male-dominated engineering sector. Through this organization, the SME Education Foundation provides scholarships to female engineering students who have displayed academic excellence in an accredited engineering program while being enrolled on a full-time basis.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicant must be a full-time engineering student in an undergraduate program.
Applicant must be a citizen of either the United States or Canada.
Applicant must have at least a 3.0 GPA.
Applicant must currently have a minimum of 30 college credit hours.
Applicant must be seeking to obtain an engineer related career.
Ivy Parker Memorial Scholarship
The Ivy Parker Memorial Scholarship offers $2,500 in funding to female students who are pursuing an engineering degree. Applicants must have a minimum of a 3.0 GPA.

International Symposium on Superalloys Scholarship
The International Symposium on Superalloys Scholarship is offered to women undergraduate students who major in engineering. The applicants must have a GPA of at least 3.0.

Agilent Mentoring Scholarship
The Agilent Mentoring Scholarship is offered to female sophomore- and junior-level undergraduate students who are majoring in engineering. The applicant must be enrolled full-time at an accredited college or university and maintain at least a 3.0 GPA.

All applicants will be required to submit a one-page essay on the student’s motives for becoming an engineer and exactly how she thinks it will make a difference. The duration of the scholarship is for one year and it will cover the costs of tuition, books, and lab fees.

American Business Women’s Association
The American Business Women’s Association (ABWA) provides scholarships to deserving women who are pursuing careers in engineering. To be eligible, the applicants must be enrolled in a full-time engineering-related program of study. The funds are provided through the Stephen Bufton Memorial Education Fund and are to be used toward tuition, books, lab fees, and transportation.

The goal of this organization is to help the advancement of women in the workplace and to support equality for women. Applicants must maintain at least a 3.0 GPA to be considered for this award.

National Physical Science Consortium
The National Physical Science Consortium provides scholarships to black female students who are pursuing a career in engineering and physical science. Recipients of this award will be chosen on a financial need basis as well as academic performance.

This organization has designed these scholarships for the advancement of the underrepresented black women in the fields of physical science and engineering. It is their goal to encourage black women to better themselves and pursue high-power and high-paying careers.

Black Women in Sisterhood for Action
The Black Women in Sisterhood for Action (BISA) is an organization that was set up to provide funding for black women residing in low-income areas who would like to pursue a career in engineering and other related fields. Recipients of this award are chosen on a financial needs basis. The goal of this organization is to empower black women and to encourage them to strive for a better life for themselves and for their families.

National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP)
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) offers several different scholarships for black women who are pursuing a degree in engineering. Some of the different foundations who provide funding are as follows:

Department of Energy Scholarship
Earl Graves Scholarship
Roy Wilkins Scholarship
These scholarship foundations give awards on a basis of financial need, academic standing, merit, and program of study. All applicants must have and maintain a GPA of at least 3.0 to be considered. For more information on these scholarship opportunities, visit www.naacp.org.

Jackie Robinson Foundation
The Jackie Robinson Foundation (JRF) provides scholarships to black women who would like to study engineering or other related fields. All applicants are personally interviewed and the winners are chosen on a basis of leadership potential, financial need, and academics. To learn more about this scholarship opportunity, visit www.jackierobinson.org.

Congressional Black Caucus Spouses
The Congressional Black Caucus Spouses organization was established by the spouses of the Congressional Black Caucus members. This organization provides scholarships to talented female students who are studying arts, visual arts, medicine and engineering. The applicant may be either an undergraduate or a graduate student in an accredited college. Only those who maintain a GPA of at least a 3.0 may apply. To learn more or to apply for this scholarship, contact the local office of the Congressional Black Caucus.

National Nuclear Security Administration
The National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) is an agency of the Department of Energy that offers a fellowship program that is available to black women. The program is called the HBCU STEM Fellowship Program. This program provides stipends to graduates of a black university who wish to pursue a career in science, technology, mathematics, and engineering. To apply, visit the National Nuclear Security Administration website.

HP Scholars Program
The HP Scholars Program has been set up by the Hewlett Packard Company. This program provides scholarships to minority students who are studying computer science, computer engineering, or electrical engineering. The scholarships are available to minority women who are interested in attending UCLA, San Jose State, Morgan State, University of Washington, or North Carolina A&T. For more information, visit www.hp.com.

American Chemical Society’s ACS Scholars Program
The American Chemical Society’s ACS Scholars Program is an organization that will provide scholarships to women who are interested in pursuing a career in engineering and other related fields. These scholarships vary in dollar amount and are awarded on a basis of academic achievement, merit, leadership, financial need and community involvement. Black women can apply by visiting www.acs.org.

Spelman College
Spelman College in Atlanta is a predominantly black university that scholarships to women of color who are studying engineering and other related fields. This women’s college has a policy of assisting those who have a financial need and are in excellent academic standing. There are several different scholarships to apply for. To find out more about these scholarships, visit www.spelman.edu.

APS/IBM Research Internship for Undergraduate Women
The APS/IBM Research Internship for Undergraduate Women assists in putting women in high-paying jobs by offering internships to those who are majoring in chemistry, materials science, engineering, electrical engineering, or biology. This is a great opportunity for female sophomores and juniors to obtain experience in their preferred field. To qualify for these internships, the student must have maintained at least a 3.0 GPA for the past two semesters.

Cognizant Making the Future Scholarship
The Cognizant Making the Future Scholarship program has a goal of expanding the pool of female students in the science, technology, math, and engineering fields of study. They are committed to preparing the next generation of women with the skills necessary to achieve positions of high power in the workforce. Students who apply will be required to submit documentation of a hands-on project that illustrates both creativity as well as innovation.

The New York Hall of Science will serve as the selection committee. Recipients of this scholarship will receive funds for tuition and other college expenses for one full year. To be eligible to apply, the student must have at least a 3.0 GPA and be able to demonstrate leadership abilities.

MUST (Motivating Undergraduates in Science and Technology) Scholarship Program
NASA’s MUST Scholarship program offers educational funding to all underrepresented groups including women, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Native Americans, and persons with disabilities. The recipients of this award will have partial tuition paid for one year (not to exceed $10,000).

To be eligible for this scholarship, students must be enrolled in an accredited college or University, have at least a 3.0 GPA, display leadership qualities, and have need of financial assistance.

Vanguard Women in Technology Scholarship Program
The Vanguard Women in Technology Scholarship Program provides scholarships to aid women who are entering their senior year of college and majoring in computer science, web design, engineering, or related technical engineering disciplines. These scholarships are offered to those students who show excellent academic standing and need for financial assistance. The student must be enrolled in a full-time program and have at least a 3.0 GPA to be considered for this scholarship.

Women in Technology Scholarship
The Women in Technology Scholarship program awards up to $10,000 to female students who are studying information technology. All candidates must have at least a 3.0 GPA and exhibit academic as well as extracurricular excellence. The recipient of this scholarship will also receive an opportunity to accept an internship with Morgan-Stanley’s IT department.

Charley Wootan Grant Program
This year, the Texas Guaranteed Student Loan Corporation (TG) will award $5,000,000 to the Charley Wootan Grant Program. $4 million of this funding will go to women college student in the state of Texas and $1 million will be distributed to students in other states. Also part of the Charley Wootan Program, the First-Come, First-Served, Need-Based Grant Program will provide $4,000 to deserving female college students.

Eligibility Requirements:

The applicant must submit a completed free application for Federal Student Aid.
The applicant must be a high school senior or graduate who will enroll at least half time in an undergraduate course of study in a Title IV, two or four year college or vocational-technical school.
The applicant must demonstrate financial need of assistance.
For more information regarding this scholarship opportunity, visit the scholarship page at www.aie.org.

Great Lakes National Scholarship Program
The Great Lakes National Scholarship Program is funded by the Great Lakes Educational Loan services, Inc. They offer a $2,500 scholarship to female undergraduate and graduate students from all over the United States.

Eligibility Requirements:

Applicant must be a high school senior or current postsecondary undergraduate student.
Applicant must be a citizen of the United States or a legal permanent resident.
Applicant must plan on enrolling in a full-time STEM (science, technology, engineering or math) field of study at an accredited non-profit public or private college, university, or technical program.
Applicant must have a minimum cumulative grade point average of 2.75.
Applicant must demonstrate financial need of assistance.
To apply for this scholarship, visit www.scholarshipamerica.org.

Monique Cramer Memorial Award
The Women in Engineering Scholarship and Monique Cramer Memorial Award was designed to encourage and support female college students in entering the Engineering field at Queensland University of Technology in Australia. This scholarship will be awarded to ten women, each of whom will receive $6,000 per school year.

Eligibility Requirements:

All applicants must be women who are pursuing an engineering degree in an accredited college or university.
Applicants must be willing to use her scholarship at a college in Australia.
Applicants must have applied for a position in the Bachelor of Engineering (EN40) course or an Engineering double degree course at QUT.
Association of State Dam Safety Officials
The Association of State Dam Safety Officials (ASDSO) offers scholarships to female senior college students who are majoring in civil engineering or related fields. The applicants must demonstrate leadership abilities and financial need of assistance, and have a GPA of 3.0 or greater. The recipient of this scholarship will be chosen on a basis of academic performance. To apply for this scholarship, e-mail info@damsafety.org.

AIST Foundation
AIST Foundation provides funding for women who are pursuing degrees in the iron and steel-related industries. To be eligible for this scholarship, the student must demonstrate financial need of assistance and maintain at least a 3.0 GPA. For more information, visit www.aistfoundation.org.

